include ./apacheconf.nanorc
include ./asciidoc.nanorc
include ./asm.nanorc
include ./awk.nanorc
include ./c.nanorc
include ./cmake.nanorc
include ./coffeescript.nanorc
include ./colortest.nanorc
include ./conf.nanorc
include ./csharp.nanorc
include ./css.nanorc
include ./cython.nanorc
include ./dot.nanorc
include ./email.nanorc
include ./fish.nanorc
include ./fortran.nanorc
include ./gentoo.nanorc
include ./git.nanorc
include ./gitcommit.nanorc
include ./glsl.nanorc
include ./go.nanorc
include ./groff.nanorc
include ./haml.nanorc
include ./html.nanorc
include ./ini.nanorc
include ./inputrc.nanorc
include ./java.nanorc
include ./javascript.nanorc
include ./js.nanorc
include ./json.nanorc
include ./keymap.nanorc
include ./kickstart.nanorc
include ./ledger.nanorc
include ./lisp.nanorc
include ./lua.nanorc
include ./makefile.nanorc
include ./man.nanorc
include ./markdown.nanorc
include ./mpdconf.nanorc
include ./mutt.nanorc
include ./nanorc.nanorc
include ./nginx.nanorc
include ./patch.nanorc
include ./peg.nanorc
include ./perl.nanorc
include ./php.nanorc
include ./pkg-config.nanorc
include ./pkgbuild.nanorc
include ./po.nanorc
include ./pov.nanorc
include ./privoxy.nanorc
include ./python.nanorc
include ./reST.nanorc
include ./rpmspec.nanorc
include ./ruby.nanorc
include ./scala.nanorc
include ./sed.nanorc
include ./sh.nanorc
include ./sls.nanorc
include ./sql.nanorc
include ./systemd.nanorc
include ./tcl.nanorc
include ./tex.nanorc
include ./vala.nanorc
include ./vi.nanorc
include ./xml.nanorc
include ./xresources.nanorc
include ./yaml.nanorc
include ./yum.nanorc
include ./zsh.nanorc
